# packages in environment at C:\Users\juanp\anaconda3\envs\py_39:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
anyio                     3.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
boto3                     1.26.161           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
botocore                  1.29.163           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py39ha55989b_1005    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h8ffe710_4    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2023.5.7             h56e8100_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2023.5.7           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.15.1           py39h68f70e3_3    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
click                     8.1.3           win_pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cryptography              41.0.1           py39hb6bd5e6_0    conda-forge
exceptiongroup            1.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
fastapi                   0.98.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
h11                       0.14.0                   pypi_0    pypi
httptools                 0.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
idna                      3.4                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
intel-openmp              2023.1.0         h57928b3_46319    conda-forge
jmespath                  1.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0              17_win64_mkl    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0              17_win64_mkl    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h8ffe710_5    conda-forge
libhwloc                  2.9.1           nocuda_h15da153_6    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 h8ffe710_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0              17_win64_mkl    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.42.0               hcfcfb64_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.11.4               hc3477c8_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               hcfcfb64_5    conda-forge
mkl                       2022.1.0           h6a75c08_874    conda-forge
numpy                     1.25.0           py39h816b6a6_0    conda-forge
openssl                   3.1.1                hcfcfb64_1    conda-forge
pandas                    2.0.2            py39h1679cfb_0    conda-forge
pip                       23.1.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pthreads-win32            2.9.1                hfa6e2cd_3    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.21               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pydantic                  1.10.9           py39ha55989b_0    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 23.2.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyh0701188_6    conda-forge
python                    3.9.16          h4de0772_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-dotenv             1.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
python-tzdata             2023.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.9                      3_cp39    conda-forge
pytz                      2023.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.31.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
s3transfer                0.6.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.11.0                   pypi_0    pypi
setuptools                68.0.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
sniffio                   1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
starlette                 0.27.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tbb                       2021.9.0             h91493d7_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.12               h8ffe710_0    conda-forge
typing-extensions         4.7.0                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.7.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2023c                h71feb2d_0    conda-forge
ucrt                      10.0.22621.0         h57928b3_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.26.16                  pypi_0    pypi
uvicorn                   0.22.0                   pypi_0    pypi
vc                        14.3                h64f974e_16    conda-forge
vc14_runtime              14.36.32532         hfdfe4a8_16    conda-forge
vs2015_runtime            14.36.32532         h05e6639_16    conda-forge
watchfiles                0.19.0                   pypi_0    pypi
websockets                11.0.3                   pypi_0    pypi
wheel                     0.40.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
win_inet_pton             1.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_6    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h8d14728_0    conda-forge
